Avoid large blocks on forced compaction of blocks ingester (#3344)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

* [BUGFIX] Use a valid grpc header when logging IP addresses. #3307
* [BUGFIX] Fixed the metric `cortex_prometheus_rule_group_duration_seconds` in the Ruler, it wouldn't report any values. #3310
* [BUGFIX] Fixed gRPC connections leaking in rulers when rulers sharding is enabled and APIs called. #3314

> * [BUGFIX] Block Storage: Avoid creating large blocks on forced compaction and when TSDB is idle. #3344

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Blocks storage: Avoid creating blocks larger than configured block range period on forced compaction and when TSDB is idle. #3344
```
